
YELP


A.N. "Great job cleaning my PC!  Fast turn around. My computer running so much faster... I will definitely come back to this shop.I highly recommend. friendly and courteous service." 1/14/2014 - Yelp


M.L. "I can not give PC Health stop high enough marks. A couple of weeks ago, my hard drive just decided to stop working. I was in quite a panic when I brought it to PC Health Stop where Gary, (the owner), was great with reassuring me that they would take care of it and do whatever it took to save my files. He called me an hour later and told me what the problem was and that they did in fact have all of my data. It turns out that I  needed a new hard drive...Vlad and Ryan (the greatest guys who work at PC Health stop), walked me through the whole process and converted all of my data to the new hard drive working within a tight timeline that I had due to some projects that I had to complete. On top of being beyond impressive with their talents, they were the nicest people to work with. They were so patient with me and my lack of technical skills and were respectful and helpful in educating me on the new system. When I got home and still had some issues with getting my printer and camera software reinstalled, Ryan logged in remotely and got it done for me. Clearly he did not have to do any of this, but he did, and would always say "do you need help with anything else?" and "just call us back if you have any more questions or problems". There was no additional charge for all of Ryan's help and time which is unheard of these days.  I have in fact made a few more calls to Ryan and he has consistently helped me and solved my system issues every time with the same professionalism and friendliness that he has done since day one. I believe that PC Heath stop is a business with true integrity and talent. " 5/14/2013 - Yelp.



H.R. "PC Healthstop was fantastic. My computer had some hardware problems. Within 24 hours they diagnosed it as a defective motherboard and recommended a replacement. While replacing it, they discovered my processor had some bent pins and asked if I would like them to attempt to repair it. They did so, saving me the price of a new processor. The repairs were completed that very day and I picked it up. Can't recommend them enough." 10/4/2012 - Yelp

C.R. "I have no idea what these other reviewers are talking about.  I've been bringing my laptops and PCs here for years and have always received great service and repair. In fact, when I bought an external drive for backup at a local box store, and my hard drives both seemed to crash, the box store had my PC for two weeks and said it was toast.  PC health stop fixed it in ONE DAY, imaged everything over as I had asked and I've been good to go ever since.  Just bought my PC in for repair again, (its over ten years old now), but I know these guys will get me up and running fast.  Also I have no problem paying slightly more than a box store for the personal service aspect, but so far they have actually been less expensive than what a friend has had to shell out at that same box store for a lemon Laptop.  I can only speak to repair and service not new machines bought here, but I'd never go anywhere else.  Thanks Guys!" 9/25/2012 - Yelp


C.F. "Been using maintenance contract for years since they were in Burlington. Just recently purchased a Dell desk top from them, price as good as anyone out there, upgraded to 23 in screen. They transferred all my files for me loaded everything so I only had to plug it in and go. When I arranged to pick it up Peg kept it hooked up and gave me a 15 minute class on all the features and where all my files are. Very pleased I did business with them and have no reason to not go back." 9/15/2012 - Yelp








GOOGLE PLUS

J.L. "The best people for anyone to have them work on they computers, I would tell other people. Very polite and helpful." - Google +

L.D. "I have been going to PC Healthstop for the last two years and their service is great! Everyone there is helpful and professional. I highly recommend them. If your pc and its data is important to you, they are definitely the shop to go to. Quick turnaround to!" - Google +

L.W. "I was traveling through Natick for a wedding when my computer died a terrible, terrible death. These guys were able to help me, save most of the information off of my hard drive, and install a new hard drive all in one day (around my hectic schedule). They went above and beyond and were extremely cheerful and helpful the whole time. I can't recommend these guys highly enough." - Google +

Anonymous, "I've purchased 3 computers (1 laptop and two desktops) from PC Healthstop over the last two years and my experience with the staff and quality of services has been nothing but exceptional every time. If i have a problem with the computer. I drop it off in the AM and it's usually ready to go by the end of the day. I purchased a maintenance plan so usually there's no cost for the service. I used to buy my PCs directly from Dell but i've fount it to be a much easier experience buying the computers directly at the store in Framingham." - Google +

K. "My name is Karen and I recently went to this shop because my laptop would not boot. Service was great. Everyone was extremely helpful and honest. Quick turnaround for repair, no place else in the area comes close. Prices were very fair. I definitely recommend this shop." - Google +

Anonymous, "I brought my laptop to PC Healthstop because it was running slow and having some various other issues. They quickly diagnosed several problems, called me to discuss and then fixed them up for me for a very fair price. I do internet work, so being without my laptop for more than a small portion of a day is a real setback. I was very pleased with their work and frequently recommend their shop to my friends and family. Thanks!" - Google +
